# LinkedIn Saved Items Scraper

This Python script allows you to scrape your saved items from LinkedIn and save them to a CSV file. The intended use is to facilitate access to your saved items, making it easier to filter and access the content compared to LinkedIn's interface, where items are often buried in infinite scrolls.
Once your CSV file is ready, upload it to #streamlit app and enjoy your content! 

## How to Use

1. **Clone the Repository**: Clone this repository to your local machine.

2. **Install Dependencies**: Ensure you have Python installed on your machine. Install the required Python packages by running:
    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

3. **Set Up Chromedriver**: Download the appropriate chromedriver executable for your system and specify its path in the script.

4. **Run the Script**: Execute the script from the command line, providing your LinkedIn username, password, and desired output path for the CSV file. For example:
    ```
    python scrape_linkedin.py --driver_path /path/to/chromedriver --username your_username --password your_password --output_path /path/to/output.csv
    ```

5. **Access Your Saved Items**: Once the script completes execution, you can find your saved items stored in the CSV file specified by the `output_path` argument.

## Streamlit Integration

You can further enhance the usability of your saved items by integrating this script with a Streamlit web application. With Streamlit, you can create an intuitive and interactive interface to browse, filter, and access your saved LinkedIn items with ease. Simply read the CSV file generated by this script into your Streamlit app and build the desired functionality around it.

## Contributions

Contributions to this project are welcome! If you encounter any issues, have suggestions for improvements, or want to add new features, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.
